Hey! Emerl! Wake up!
I said, wake up!
You can hear me, can't ya?
Turn yourself on!
What's the matter with ya?
Did your brain short-circuit?
Come on! Get up!
We've got an important
mission to carry out,
and there's no time to lose!
[Faint robotic sounds]
Huh?
Good! I hope your batteries
are all charged up,
'cause we're gonna have
a really busy day!
[Beeping]
I'm in charge of this operation,
so you have to obey all
of my commands, okay?
[Beeping]
All right, Emerl, let's go!
[Giggling]
We're gonna give Sonic
a real bash today!
Forward march!
[Laughing]
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
[Laughing]
City Park has been overrun--
overrun by fitness fans
obsessed with running.
This new craze is all thanks
to Sonic the Hedgehog.
His heroics are inspiring
thousands of people to put on
their jogging shoes
and run for fun.
[Groan]
Why did you decide to
take up running, sir?
Uh, I don't know.
Sonic has such a great
time racing around,
I thought I'd try!
School officials and
athletic coaches report
that their track programs
are more popular than ever,
and new records are
being set daily.
Experts in sports psychology are
baffled by the sudden turn...
Sonic!
Grr!
Hi, Amy!
What's wrong?
All right, where are
you hiding, Sonic?
You'd better come out now!
He's not here.
Hmph!
Ah!
You can't fool me!
I know you're hiding, and
Chris is covering for you!
So come on out, Sonic!
I'm not covering for him.
Sonic was here earlier,
but he left and he didn't
say where he was going.
Chris is telling the truth, Amy.
Chao!
I'd better find him right away,
or there's gonna be big trouble.
Why, what's wrong?
Is a monster attacking
the city again?
No, it's worse.
[Grits teeth in anger]
I'm sorry, Amy!
I didn't mean to make you angry!
Chao, chao!
Take it easy.
Just tell us what's going on,
and maybe we can help.
Nobody can help!
Sonic had a date with me,
and he never showed up!
[Screaming]
Oh...!
Is that all?
Oh, so you think I'm overreacting?
Well, just a little.
That's easy for you to say!
It took him forever to ask me out!
I was so excited, I went out
and bought brand-new shoes!
And a new hair ribbon!
You look really nice, Amy.
It doesn't matter how I look
because Sonic stood me up!
[Crying]
I'm sure there's a good reason
Sonic missed your date.
Oh, yeah? like what?
AMY: [Crying]
CHRIS: Well, maybe he-
I know! He had to stop Eggman
from destroying the planet!
I thought Dr. Eggman was in prison.
Yeah, I forgot.
Just like Sonic forgot our date.
Maybe he is coming,
but he's running late.
[Doorbell rings]
He's here!
Sonic!
[Everyone coughing]
I'm ready!
Huh?
Hey, is Sonic around, Amy?
I just put a new engine in my car,
and he said he'd race me.
I can't wait.
My new engine runs on
high-octane rocket fuel.
It's got more horsepower than
you can find at a rodeo.
With this baby under the hood,
I'll be taking a victory lap before
Sonic leaves the startin' line!
Hi, Uncle Sam!
I hope Sonic's not
getting cold feet.
When I called him this morning,
he said he didn't have
anything else to do today.
Uh-oh!
Grrrr!!!
[Nervous shivering]
What's wrong? You look steamed.
Sonic has a date with meeeeee!!!
She's upset 'cause Sonic
missed their date.
Well, that's a bummer.
Looks like Sonic made two different
appointments and stood both of us up.
That doesn't sound like Sonic.
The truth is, Sonic
doesn't care about me.
That's why he didn't
show up for our date.
Amy...
Sonic's a busy guy.
I bet it takes lots of
patience to date him,
not to mention a pair of really excellent
running shoes to keep up with him.
[Laughing]
Uncle Sam!
Huh?
I know!
Chao?
Since Sonic bailed on both of us,
we'll go out together!
You two?
Come on, we'd better get going
before the whole day is shot.
Hmm.
[Car door opens]
All right, Amy.
Let's show Sonic we don't
need him to have fun.
Hold on, Uncle Sam.
Don't worry. we won't be long.
Last year, I set a world
record for speed dating!
[Car starts]
This is crazy.
Poor Amy.
She's been waiting to go out
with Sonic for a long time.
Yeah, I guess Sonic doesn't take
dating as seriously as she does.
[Gasp]
I think that's awful.
Hey, wait! Don't get mad at me!
Get mad at Sonic!
Sonic is the most self-centered
guy I've ever met.
Ah! This wind is really refreshing!
He's always running off on adventures
without telling anybody.
And I end up alone.
This new engine is great,
and it gets awesome mileage, too.
Even if I could keep up with Sonic,
he's not the kind of guy
who could settle down
or even stand still for long.
Whoa! S-turns!
Wait'll you see how
this baby handles!
You haven't heard a word I said!
Hang on! Here goes!
Huh?
[Screeching tires]
Why waste time on Sonic
if you can't catch him?
After all, in life,
you only get one lap
around the track.
I don't know for sure that
it can't work out with Sonic.
[Screeching tires]
I still say you tell
him to hit the road,
but I guess he already did.
[Laughing]
[Sigh]
Let's drop the subject and figure
out where we're gonna go.
You just name it.
The beach!
That's kind of far.
Well, Sonic doesn't like water,
so we won't run into him there!
You win, princess!
If you wanna hide out
from Sonic at the beach,
then we'll coast to the coast!
All right. Thank you!
One more thing.
Let's agree not to talk
about Sonic, okay?
The hedgehog is now history.
[Car peels away]
DR. EGGMAN: Prison
food is the pits!
This looks more like
sewage than soup.
It is lucky for us that
we have no taste circuits.
I'm hungry! Bring me more!
We demand refills now!
Hurry up, waiter!
Can it, or I'll throw
you in solitary!
Dinnertime's over!
Don't you realize a genius like me
needs more food than
the average person?
My superior brain burns
up millions of calories!
This kind of treatment is inhuman!
And it is bad for robots, too!
Knock it off!
This is a prison,
not a four-star restaurant!
Here! Now pipe down!
Slop some of that slop
in my bowl!
Yeah.
One more meal like this, and
I am going to self-destruct.
I wish we were back at the base.
I am dying for a
drink of motor oil.
We cannot take much more of this.
When are we going to get
out of here, Doctor?
Relax.
We'll be checking out
of this dump any minute.
If everything goes
according to plan,
our breakout team is about
to give Sonic the runaround!
Hm?
Oh!
Woah!
[Evil laughter]
What a coincidence
running into you!
Hm.
I have an idea!
Let's play a game! A shell game!
[Grunt]
Oof.
Fire!
Woah!
[Thud]
[Laughing]
Get him!
Ah...
Huh?
All right!
Huh? Oh!
Hold it, hedgehog!
[Blasts and explosions]
Yeah! Keep firing!
[Laughter]
[Sheep bleating]
AMY: Oh, great.
[Banjo lick]
Didn't you tell me you knew
a shortcut to the beach?
[Laughing] Sure, but I didn't
say I was taking it, did I?
I bet you're lost, aren't you!
Hey, I never get lost.
I just can't figure out
where I am sometimes!
[Laughing]
[Sheep bleat]
This date's a disaster!
Huh?
Gr...!
I need a map.
Sure thing.
Looks to me like you
could use a bath, too.
I know.
Hmph.
[Fussing]
I guess I should've put the top up
when we went down that dirt road.
We're not taking
any more shortcuts!
I'm buying a map,
and I'm gonna figure out the
best route to get to the beach.
Ah! What have we here?
Hm?
[Blows]
How can you be so easygoing?
Don't you even care if we're lost?
It doesn't matter to
me where I end up,
as long as I have
fun gettin' there.
That sounds like something
Sonic would say.
Sonic?
You just said the magic word, miss!
You don't happen to
know Sonic, do you?
Of course I know him!
Sonic and I are extremely close.
Except when they have a date!
SAM: [Laughing]
AMY: Grr!
Oh! Ow ow ow ow!
I owe your friend Sonic more
than I could ever repay.
Why? What did Sonic do for you?
Help! I can't stop the horse!
[Panicking]
[Horse neighs]
[Teeth gritting]
[Struggling]
[Panting]
Help me, Grandpa!
Now what'll I do?
Huh?
Aah!
Got you!
[Grunt]
Huh?
Bubba Joe!
Grandpa!
Sonic came to the rescue again.
The welcome mat'll always be out
on my front porch for
Sonic the Hedgehog.
And any friend of Sonic's
a friend of mine.
Here, take it.
And some candy, too,
with my compliments.
Bye-bye! Thanks for everything!
Bye! Tell sonic I said "hey!"
You know, I just
remembered something.
Sonic and I are supposed to have
our race tonight, not today.
Then Sonic only stood me up.
I forget sometimes.
I guess when you move
as fast as I do,
it's hard for your memory
to keep up with ya.
[Laughing loudly]
I wish I could forget Sonic.
[Evil laughter]
Get ready for the teleblast!
Fire!
Woah! Woah! Ugh! Woah!
Look out below!
Don't hurt me!
[Grunt]
Woah!
Yah!
Ha ha!
Woah!
Let's give Sonic a hand!
[Panting]
Woah!
Huh!
[Grunt]
Whoa!
Thanks to you, I'm running
late for my date with Amy!
[Grunt]
Huh?
[Explosion]
I fooled you!
While you were running
away from me,
another robot was breaking
Dr. Eggman out of prison!
[Evil laughter]
[Grunt]
Huh!
Oh!
Ugh! [Crying]
Another robot?
I guess I should just face facts.
Sonic's always gonna be on the run.
I guess the two of us
just aren't meant to be.
Here.
Thank you.
You're like Sonic, aren't you?
I wish.
When Sonic wants to hit the road,
all he needs are his feet.
Unfortunately, I can't travel
very fast without a car.
No car in the world can keep up with
Sonic when he's running at full speed.
Yeah, you're right.
Then why race him?
Hey, I still have to try.
Yeah, that's the same way I feel.
Huh?
Roger.
I'll stay on its tail.
Headquarters thinks that machine's
headed for the jail where
Eggman's locked up.
That thing'll break in,
so Eggman can break out.
If we let that thing
get to the city,
Eggman will be on the loose again.
We've got to stop it somehow, Sam!
You're right, but my car's no match
for an armored beast like that.
If you catch it, I'll stop it!
Okay! Then hang on, Amy!
[Laughing]
I changed to racing mode!
Oh!
Now let's chase that mean machine
down and run it off the road.
[Gasp]
We're losing it!
Don't worry! I know a shortcut!
Steady, Sam.
You only have one swing, Amy.
That's all I need.
[Grunting]
Ha!
[Grunt]
[Gasp]
We did it!
Great work, Amy!
Isn't this a great feeling?
We're almost at Sonic speed.
[Gasp]
Sonic, now I understand
why you love to run!
[All grimacing in frustration]
Grr!
[Nervous laughter]
[All scowling]
Oh, don't be angry at me!
It's not my fault
you're still in jail!
Honest!
[Crying]
When we were racing down that road,
I felt so alive. It was incredible!
You could go even faster!
You should try supersonic speed.
Maybe someday.
You know, this turned out to be
one of the best dates I ever had.
This is beautiful,
and getting here was sort of fun.
Hmm.
Thank you, Sam.
If it wasn't for you, I'd have
spent all day feeling sad.
The day's not over yet.
You could still be
in for a surprise.
Huh?
Hey there! Sorry I'm late!
[Happy laughter]
Sonic, you do care about me!
Woah! Huh?
I'm ready to race, Sam.
My car has a new engine.
It'll blast right past ya.
We'll see about that.
Heh heh.
[Groans]
Ready when you are!
Get set...
Go!
Grr!
Those two guys!
This was definitely
the worst date ever!
CREAM: It's getting late, Cheese.
We'd better go inside,
or Ella will get worried.
I hope she's cooking
us a big dinner tonight
because all that playing
made me hungry.
Hey, look!
Chao!
Chao chao!
[Gasp]